manual-assets/community/deepin-voice-note/en_US/index.md, before:

# Voice Notes|../common/deepin-voice-note.svg|

## Overview

Voice Notes is a simple memo software with texts and voice recordings. You are able to save the recordings as MP3 format or texts. ![0|voice_recorder](jpg/main.png)


## Guide

You can run, exit or create a shortcut for Voice Notes by the following ways.

### Run Voice Notes

1.  Click ![deepin-launcher](icon/deepin-launcher.svg) in the dock to enter the Launcher interface.
2.  Locate ![deepin-voice-note](icon/deepin-voice-note.svg) by scrolling the mouse wheel or searching Voice Notes in the Launcher interface and click it to run.
3.  Right-click ![deepin-voice-note](icon/deepin-voice-note.svg) and you can:

   - Click **Send to desktop** to create a desktop shortcut.
   - Click **Send to dock** to fix it in the Dock.
   - Click **Add to startup** to add the application to startup and it will automatically run when the system starts up.

> ![notes](icon/notes.svg)Notes: If Voice Notes has been fixed in the dock by default, you can click ![deepin-voice-note](icon/deepin-voice-note.svg) in the dock to run it.

### Exit Voice Notes

- Click ![close](icon/close.svg) on the Voice Notes interface to exit Voice Notes.
- Right-click ![deepin-voice-note](icon/deepin-voice-note.svg) in the dock and select **Close All** to exit.
- Click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg) on the Voice Notes interface and select **Exit** to exit.

### View Shortcuts

On the Voice Notes interface, press **Ctrl** + **Shift** + **?** on the keyboard to view shortcuts. Proficiency in shortcuts will greatly improve your efficiency.

 ![1|hotkey](jpg/hotkey.png)

## Operations

### Create Notebook

- Click **Create Notebook** to create a new notebook when there is none in Voice Notes.

![0|new](jpg/create.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

- When a notebook is created in Voice Note, a text is also created by default. Click ![add](icon/circlebutton_add2.svg) icon on the Voice Notes interface to create more new texts.

  You can start recording voices or making texts after creating a text.
  
  The default naming rules for Voice Notes is Notebook(n), in which n is an integer no less than 0.

![0|new](jpg/create1.png)


### Record Voice Notes

You can record audios simply in two steps:

1. Click ![record_normal](icon/record_normal.svg) icon on the Voice Notes interface to start recording.
2.  Click ![finish](icon/finish_normal.svg) icon to finish recording.

> ![tips](icon/tips.svg)Tips: Click ![pause](icon/pause_red_normal.svg) icon to pause recording during the recording process and click ![record_normal](icon/record_normal.svg) again to resume recording.

> ![notes](icon/notes.svg)Notes: The maximum recording time is 60 minutes. Voice notes can only be created in the text notes. 

![0|Recorder](jpg/recorder2.png)

### Playback Voice Notes

The recorded voice files are displayed on the Voice Notes interface in a list. Select a voice file and click ![play_blue_normal](icon/play_blue_normal.svg) icon to listen to the playback.

> ![tips](icon/tips.svg)Tips: Click ![pause_blue_normal](icon/pause_blue_normal.svg) icon to pause or stop playback and click ![play_blue_normal](icon/play_blue_normal.svg) again to resume playback when you are listening to the recording.

![0|replay](jpg/replay.png)


### Search

1. In the search box located in the top center area of the Voice Notes interface, you can click ![search](icon/search.svg) to enter keywords.

2.  Press the **Enter** key on the keyboard to fast locate.

   - When there is matched information, the search result list will display on the right.

   - When there is no matched information, **No search results** will display on the right.

3.  Click ![0|three_dots](icon/close_normal-2.svg) in the search box  to clear the current keywords or cancel the search. 


### Save Voices as MP3 Format

1.   Select a voice file on the Voice Notes interface.
2.   Right-click and select **Save as MP3**.
3.   Save it to the storage device.


### Add Text Notes
1. Select a notebook, right-click and select **New note** or click ![mic](icon/circlebutton_add2.svg) icon on the Voice Notes interface to add a new text note.
2.  Move the cursor to the right column to click and input text. 

> ![tips](icon/tips.svg)Tips: You can record audios in notebooks. Please refer to recording audios for details.

![0|words_recorder](jpg/main.png)


### Save as TXT

1.  Select a text note on the Voice Notes interface.
2.  Right-click and select **Save as TXT**.
3.  Save the text note to the storage device in TXT format.
    ![0|save](jpg/toTxT.png)

### Rename New Notebooks

The notebook created will be automatically saved as **Note(n)**. You can rename it in the following steps. 

1. On the Voice Notes interface, right-click a notebook.

2. Select **Rename**.

3. Enter the file name.

4. Click in the blank area on the interface or press the **Enter** key on the keyboard to rename.

   > ![tips](icon/tips.svg)Tips: You can also rename each text note under a notebook. Please refer to **Rename New Notebook** for details. 

![0|rename](jpg/rename.png)


### Delete Voice Notes

1.  Select a voice file on the Voice Notes interface.
2.  Right-click and select **Delete**.

3.  Click **Confirm** in the pop-up prompt box.


### Delete Text Notes

1.   Select a text note on the Voice Notes interface.
2.  Right-click and select **Delete**.

3.  Click **Confirm** in the pop-up prompt box.


### Delete Notebook

1. Select a notebook on the Voice Notes interface.
2. Right-click and select **Delete**.
3. Click **Confirm** in the pop-up prompt box.


## Main Menu

On the main menu, you can switch window themes, view help manual and get more information about Voice Notes.

### Theme

The window theme includes Light Theme, Dark Theme and System Theme (default).

1. On the Voice Notes interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg).
2. Click **Theme** to select a theme.

### Help

View Help to get more information about Voice Notes.

1.  On the Voice Notes interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg).
2.  Click **Help**.
3.  View the manual.

### About

1.  On the Voice Notes interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg). 
2.  Click **About**.
3.  View the version description.

### Exit

1. On the Voice Notes interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg).
2.  Click **Exit** to exit.

<div class="version-info"><span>Update Date: 2020-09-02</span><span> Version: 5.7</span></div>

Commit message:

docs: update resources
Description: 更新dde里 uniton id 为deepin id

Log: 更新dde里 uniton id 为deepin id

link:

manual-assets/community/deepin-voice-note/en_US/index.md, after:

# Voice Notes|../common/deepin-voice-note.svg|

## Overview

Voice Notes is a simple memo software with texts and voice recordings. You are able to save the recordings as MP3 format or texts. ![0|voice_recorder](jpg/main.png)


## Guide

You can run, exit or create a shortcut for Voice Notes by the following ways.

### Run Voice Notes

1.  Click ![deepin-launcher](icon/deepin-launcher.svg) in the dock to enter the Launcher interface.
2.  Locate ![deepin-voice-note](icon/deepin-voice-note.svg) by scrolling the mouse wheel or searching Voice Notes in the Launcher interface and click it to run.
3.  Right-click ![deepin-voice-note](icon/deepin-voice-note.svg) and you can:

   - Click **Send to desktop** to create a desktop shortcut.
   - Click **Send to dock** to fix it in the Dock.
   - Click **Add to startup** to add the application to startup and it will automatically run when the system starts up.

> ![notes](icon/notes.svg)Notes: If Voice Notes has been fixed in the dock by default, you can click ![deepin-voice-note](icon/deepin-voice-note.svg) in the dock to run it.

### Exit Voice Notes

- Click ![close](icon/close.svg) on the Voice Notes interface to exit Voice Notes.
- Right-click ![deepin-voice-note](icon/deepin-voice-note.svg) in the dock and select **Close All** to exit.
- Click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg) on the Voice Notes interface and select **Exit** to exit.

### View Shortcuts

On the Voice Notes interface, press **Ctrl** + **Shift** + **?** on the keyboard to view shortcuts. Proficiency in shortcuts will greatly improve your efficiency.

 ![1|hotkey](jpg/hotkey.png)

## Operations

### Create Notebook

- Click **Create Notebook** to create a new notebook when there is none in Voice Notes.

![0|new](jpg/create.png)

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

- When a notebook is created in Voice Note, a text is also created by default. Click ![add](icon/circlebutton_add2.svg) icon on the Voice Notes interface to create more new texts.

  You can start recording voices or making texts after creating a text.
  
  The default naming rules for Voice Notes is Notebook(n), in which n is an integer no less than 0.

![0|new](jpg/create1.png)


### Record Voice Notes

You can record audios simply in two steps:

1. Click ![record_normal](icon/record_normal.svg) icon on the Voice Notes interface to start recording.
2.  Click ![finish](icon/finish_normal.svg) icon to finish recording.

> ![tips](icon/tips.svg)Tips: Click ![pause](icon/pause_red_normal.svg) icon to pause recording during the recording process and click ![record_normal](icon/record_normal.svg) again to resume recording.

> ![notes](icon/notes.svg)Notes: The maximum recording time is 60 minutes. Voice notes can only be created in the text notes. 

![0|Recorder](jpg/recorder2.png)

### Playback Voice Notes

The recorded voice files are displayed on the Voice Notes interface in a list. Select a voice file and click ![play_blue_normal](icon/play_blue_normal.svg) icon to listen to the playback.

> ![tips](icon/tips.svg)Tips: Click ![pause_blue_normal](icon/pause_blue_normal.svg) icon to pause or stop playback and click ![play_blue_normal](icon/play_blue_normal.svg) again to resume playback when you are listening to the recording.

![0|replay](jpg/replay.png)


### Search

1. In the search box located in the top center area of the Voice Notes interface, you can click ![search](icon/search.svg) to enter keywords.

2.  Press the **Enter** key on the keyboard to fast locate.

   - When there is matched information, the search result list will display on the right.

   - When there is no matched information, **No search results** will display on the right.

3.  Click ![0|three_dots](icon/close_normal-2.svg) in the search box  to clear the current keywords or cancel the search. 


### Save Voices as MP3 Format

1.   Select a voice file on the Voice Notes interface.
2.   Right-click and select **Save as MP3**.
3.   Save it to the storage device.


### Add Text Notes
1. Select a notebook, right-click and select **New note** or click ![mic](icon/circlebutton_add2.svg) icon on the Voice Notes interface to add a new text note.
2.  Move the cursor to the right column to click and input text. 

> ![tips](icon/tips.svg)Tips: You can record audios in notebooks. Please refer to recording audios for details.

![0|words_recorder](jpg/main.png)


### Save as TXT

1.  Select a text note on the Voice Notes interface.
2.  Right-click and select **Save as TXT**.
3.  Save the text note to the storage device in TXT format.
    ![0|save](jpg/toTxT.png)

### Rename New Notebooks

The notebook created will be automatically saved as **Note(n)**. You can rename it in the following steps. 

1. On the Voice Notes interface, right-click a notebook.

2. Select **Rename**.

3. Enter the file name.

4. Click in the blank area on the interface or press the **Enter** key on the keyboard to rename.

   > ![tips](icon/tips.svg)Tips: You can also rename each text note under a notebook. Please refer to **Rename New Notebook** for details. 

![0|rename](jpg/rename.png)


### Delete Voice Notes

1.  Select a voice file on the Voice Notes interface.
2.  Right-click and select **Delete**.

3.  Click **Confirm** in the pop-up prompt box.


### Delete Text Notes

1.   Select a text note on the Voice Notes interface.
2.  Right-click and select **Delete**.

3.  Click **Confirm** in the pop-up prompt box.


### Delete Notebook

1. Select a notebook on the Voice Notes interface.
2. Right-click and select **Delete**.
3. Click **Confirm** in the pop-up prompt box.


## Main Menu

On the main menu, you can switch window themes, view help manual and get more information about Voice Notes.

### Theme

The window theme provides three theme types, namely Light Theme, Dark Theme and System Theme (default).

1. On the Voice Notes interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg).
2. Click **Theme** to select one theme.

### Help

View Help to get more information about Voice Notes.

1.  On the Voice Notes interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg).
2.  Click **Help** to view the manual of Voice Notes.

### About

1.  On the Voice Notes interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg). 
2.  Click **About** to view the version and introduction of Voice Notes.

### Exit

1. On the Voice Notes interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg).
2.  Click **Exit** to exit Voice Notes.

<div class="version-info"><span>Update Date: 2020-09-07</span><span> Version: 5.7</span></div>
