manual-assets/community/deepin-movie/en_US/index.md, before:

# Movie|../common/deepin-movie.svg|

## Overview

Movie shares a pleasant leisure time with you! Movie is a video player which supports many video formats with various features. With its simple interface and rich shortcuts, you can fulfill all operations with just one keyboard, saying farewell to your mouse in an easy way. 

![1|main](jpg/main.png)

## Guide

### Run Movie

1.  Run ![deepin-launcher](icon/deepin-launcher.svg) in the dock to enter the Launcher interface.
2.  Locate ![movie-24](icon/movie-24.svg) by scrolling the mouse wheel or searching movie in the Launcher interface and click it to run.
3.  Right-click ![movie-24](icon/movie-24.svg) and you can:
 - Click **Send to desktop** to create a desktop shortcut.
 - Click **Send to dock** to fix it in the Dock.
 - Click **Add to startup** to add it to startup and it will automatically run when the system starts up.

### Exit Movie
- On the Movie interface, click ![close](icon/close.svg) to exit.
- Right-click ![movie-24](icon/movie-24.svg) on Dock and select **Close All** to exit.
- Click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg) on the Movie interface and select **Exit** to exit.

### View Shortcuts

On the Movie interface, press **Ctrl + Shift + ?** to view shortcuts. Proficiency in shortcuts will greatly improve your efficiency.

> ![tips](icon/tips.svg)Tips: You can open the shortcut preview interface any time during your video playback.

 ![1|shortcut](jpg/shortcut.png)


## Main Interface

Immerse yourself in the pure joy of wonderful videos through frequently used functions!

![1|播放视频界面](jpg/playmovie.png)

| Number | Name           | Description                                                  |
| ------ | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 1      | Play window    | Display the video content. The video information and function icons will display after the mouse pointer is moved into the play window. Otherwise, they will be hidden. The play window is frameless. You can freely drag the play window to manually adjust its size. |
| 2      | Time display   | Display the total time and played time of the current video. |
| 3      | Progress bar   | Display the play progress. Drag the progress bar to change your play progress. The progress bar will turn bold automatically and the video preview window will display when the mouse pointer is placed over the progress bar. |
| 4      | Preview window | Display the video preview. You can view the video content at a time point via the preview window. |
| 5      | Video title    | Display the name of video which is now playing.              |

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

> ![notes](icon/notes.svg)Notes: The preview window will display by default when the mouse is placed over the progress bar. If you do not need to display the preview window, you can enter the settings and change accordingly. Please refer to the [Basic Settings](#Basic Settings) for details.

### Icon Description

| Icon                                                  | Name       | Icon                                                 | Name      |
| ----------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| <img src="icon/last_normal.svg" class="inline" />     | Previous   | <img src="icon/next_normal.svg" class="inline" />    | Next      |
| <img src="icon/play_normal.svg" class="inline" />     | Play       | <img src="icon/suspend_normal.svg" class="inline" /> | Pause     |
| <img src="icon/zoom in_normal.svg" class="inline" />  | Fullscreen | <img src="icon/volume_normal.svg" class="inline" />  | Volume    |
| <img src="icon/episodes_normal.svg" class="inline" /> | Playlist   | <img src="icon/menu.svg" class="inline" />           | Main Menu |
| <img src="icon/mix.svg" class="inline" />             | Minimize   | <img src="icon/max.svg" class="inline" />            | Maximize  |
| <img src="icon/close.svg" class="inline" />           | Close      |                                                      |           |



### Play Films

You can play films by the following ways:
- When there are no files in the playlist, click ![play](icon/play_normal.svg) and open the file selector to select a film file.
- On the Movie interface, right-click or click ![menu](icon/icon_menu.svg) to select **Open file** and open the file selector to select a film file.
- On the Movie interface, right-click or click ![menu](icon/icon_menu.svg) to select **Open folder**. All the audiovisual files in the folder are displayed in the playlist and played in turn. 
- On the Movie interface, right-click to select **Open URL** and paste the online address to play the film.
- On the Movie interface, right-click to select **Open CD/DVD** to play the films in CD/DVD.
- Drag the file/folder directly to the Movie interface to play local films.

> ![attention](icon/attention.svg)Attention: Please make sure your network is well connected before playing online videos with Movie.


![0|open](jpg/open.png)

### Forward/Rewind

1.  On the Movie interface, press ![Right](icon/Right.svg) on the keyboard to fast forward the film.
2.  On the Movie interface, press ![Left](icon/Left.svg) on the keyboard to fast rewind the film.

### Speed Up/Down

1.  On the Movie interface, press **Ctrl** + ![Right](icon/Right.svg) on the keyboard to speed up the film playback.
2.  Press **Ctrl** + ![Left](icon/Left.svg) on the keyboard to speed down the film playback.
3.  If you want to restore the original play speed, press **R** on the keyboard.

>![notes](icon/notes.svg)Notes: Speed up/down is relative to the original play speed. The video playback speed increases/decreases by 0.1 times in default mode each time it is sped up/down. Press and hold **Ctrl **+ ![Right](icon/Right.svg) or ![Left](icon/Left.svg) on the keyboard and the playback speed will increase or decrease. The maximum playback speed is 2 times faster than the original playback speed and the minimum playback speed is 10 times slower than the original playback speed.

## Functions

### Adjust Window

You can adjust the window size as you wish during playback.

 Right-click on the Movie interface:
- Select **Fullscreen** to play in fullscreen.
- Select **Mini Mode** to play in mini mode.
- Select **Always on Top** to put the window on the top layer.
- You can also drag the window edge to adjust the window size.

>![notes](icon/notes.svg)Notes: Double click the window to switch between **Fullscreen** and **Normal Window**.

![0|window](jpg/window.png)

### Adjust Play Mode

1.  Right-click on the Movie interface.
2.  Select **Play Mode** and you can:
 - Select **Order Play** and the  films in the playlist will be played orderly until the last one.
 - Select **Shuffle Play** and films in the playlist will be played randomly. Loop shuffle play mode will continue after playing all the files in the playlist.
 - Select **Single Play** and the player will stop after playing the current film.
 - Select **Single Loop** and the film will be played over and over again.
 - Select **List Loop** and the whole playlist will be played over and over again.

![0|play_mode](jpg/play_mode.png)

### Adjust Frame
1.  Right-click on the Movie interface.
2. Select **Frame** and you can:
 - Adjust the film aspect ratio between 4:3, 16:9, 16:10, 1.85:1 and 2.35:1.
 - Rotate the film frame clockwise or counterclockwise.
 - Jump to previous frame/next frame.

![0|frame](jpg/frame.png)

### Set Sound
1.  Right-click on the Movie interface.
2.  Select **Sound** and you can:
 - Select **Channel** and select the channel on which the film is played.
 - Select **Track** and select the play track for the film.

![0|sound](jpg/sound.png)

### Set Subtitle
1.  Right-click on the Movie interface.
2. Select **Subtitle** and you can:
 - Select **Load** to manually load subtitles.
 - Select **Online Search** to search subtitles online for the film and load the subtitles automatically after a successful match.
 - Check **Select** to switch between multiple subtitles for the film.
 - Select **Hide** to hide the current film subtitle.
 - Select **Encodings** to select an encoding for the film to solve the issue of garbled subtitles in some cases.

![0|subtitle](jpg/subtitle.png)

### Take Screenshots
1.  Right-click on the Movie interface.
2.  Select **Screenshot** and you can:
 - Select **Film Screenshot** to take a screenshot of the film in the current frame.
 - Select **Burst Shooting** to take 15 screenshots of the film at different times to form a preview image of the storyline.
 - Select **Open Screenshot Folder** to view the screenshots.

![0|screenshot](jpg/screenshot.png)

### View Film Info

1.  Right-click on the Movie interface.
2.  Select **Film Info** and you can view the film info, codec info and audio info of the film. 


## Playlist Management

You can enter the playlist to add or delete the video files.

### Add Films to the Playlist

You can add films to the playlist by the following ways:
- Right-click on the Movie interface and select **Open file/Open folder/Open URL/Open CD/DVD** or click ![menu](icon/icon_menu.svg)> **Open file/Open folder**  to add films to the playlist.
- You can also drag files/folders directly to the playlist.

### Delete Film from the Playlist

1.  Click ![movie](icon/episodes_normal.svg ) on the Movie interface.
2. Hover mouse pointer over the video file and right-click to select **Delete from playlist**.

> ![tips](icon/tips.svg)Tips: On the playlist interface, hover mouse pointer over the video file and click ![关闭图标](icon/close.svg) to delete it.

![list](jpg/list-manag.png)


### Clear the Playlist

1.  Click ![movie](icon/episodes_normal.svg ) on the Movie interface.
2.  Click the **Empty** icon under Playlist or right-click to select **Empty playlist**.

### Display in File Manager

1.   Click ![movie](icon/episodes_normal.svg ) on the Movie interface.
2.  Hover the mouse pointer over the video file and right-click to select **Display in file manager** to show the film file in file manager.

## Main Menu

On the main menu, you can open files/folders, switch window themes, view help manual and get more information about Movie.
### Settings

You can set the basic information, shortcut keys and subtitles.

#### Basic Settings

1.  Right-click or click ![界面按钮图标](icon/icon_menu.svg) on the Movie interface.
2.  Click **Settings** > **Basic**.
3.  In the option **Play**, you can:
  - Check the **Clear playlist when exit** box to clear the playlist when you exit Movie.
  - Check the **Remember playback position** box to resume the film automatically from the last position played when Movie runs.
  - Check the **Auto add similar files to play **box to add the similar film files in the same folder to the playlist for playback in order.
  - Check the **Show video preview on mouseover** box to show the film preview when hovering on the progress bar.
  - Check the **Show thumbnails in progress bar**, a preview window will be displayed when the cursor hovers on the progress bar.
  - Check the **Pause when minimized** to pause the playback automatically when minimizing the Movie window.
4.  Under the **Screenshot** option, you can select the path to save screenshots as you wish.



#### Shortcuts Settings

1.  Right-click or click ![界面按钮图标](icon/icon_menu.svg) on the Movie interface.
2.  Select **Settings** > **Shortcuts**.
3.  You can select and input new shortcuts.



#### Subtitle Settings

1.   Right-click or click ![界面按钮图标](icon/icon_menu.svg) on the Movie interface.
2.  Select **Settings** > **Subtitle**.
3.  You can set the font and font size for subtitles.
>  ![attention](icon/attention.svg)Attention: Click **Restore Defaults** on the interface to restore all settings.



### Theme

The window theme includes Light Theme, Dark Theme and System Theme (default).

1.  On the Movie interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg).
2.  Click **Theme** to select a theme.

### Help

View Help to get more information about Movie.

1.   On the Movie interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg) .
2.  Select **Help**.
3.  View the manual.

### About

1.  On the Movie interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg).
2.  Select **About**.
3.  View the version description.

### Exit

1.   On the Movie interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg).
2.  Click **Exit** to exit.


<div class="version-info"><span>Update Date: 2020-09-02</span><span> Version: 5.7</span></div>

Commit message:

docs: update resources
Description: 更新dde里 uniton id 为deepin id

Log: 更新dde里 uniton id 为deepin id

link:

manual-assets/community/deepin-movie/en_US/index.md, after:

# Movie|../common/deepin-movie.svg|

## Overview

Movie shares a pleasant leisure time with you! Movie is a video player which supports many video formats with various features. With its simple interface and rich shortcuts, you can fulfill all operations with just one keyboard, saying farewell to your mouse in an easy way. 

![1|main](jpg/main.png)

## Guide

### Run Movie

1.  Run ![deepin-launcher](icon/deepin-launcher.svg) in the dock to enter the Launcher interface.
2.  Locate ![movie-24](icon/movie-24.svg) by scrolling the mouse wheel or searching movie in the Launcher interface and click it to run.
3.  Right-click ![movie-24](icon/movie-24.svg) and you can:
 - Click **Send to desktop** to create a desktop shortcut.
 - Click **Send to dock** to fix it in the Dock.
 - Click **Add to startup** to add it to startup and it will automatically run when the system starts up.

### Exit Movie
- On the Movie interface, click ![close](icon/close.svg) to exit.
- Right-click ![movie-24](icon/movie-24.svg) on Dock and select **Close All** to exit.
- Click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg) on the Movie interface and select **Exit** to exit.

### View Shortcuts

On the Movie interface, press **Ctrl + Shift + ?** to view shortcuts. Proficiency in shortcuts will greatly improve your efficiency.

> ![tips](icon/tips.svg)Tips: You can open the shortcut preview interface any time during your video playback.

 ![1|shortcut](jpg/shortcut.png)


## Main Interface

Immerse yourself in the pure joy of wonderful videos through frequently used functions!

![1|播放视频界面](jpg/playmovie.png)

| Number | Name           | Description                                                  |
| ------ | -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| 1      | Play window    | Display the video content. The video information and function icons will display after the mouse pointer is moved into the play window. Otherwise, they will be hidden. The play window is frameless. You can freely drag the play window to manually adjust its size. |
| 2      | Time display   | Display the total time and played time of the current video. |
| 3      | Progress bar   | Display the play progress. Drag the progress bar to change your play progress. The progress bar will turn bold automatically and the video preview window will display when the mouse pointer is placed over the progress bar. |
| 4      | Preview window | Display the video preview. You can view the video content at a time point via the preview window. |
| 5      | Video title    | Display the name of video which is now playing.              |

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

> ![notes](icon/notes.svg)Notes: The preview window will display by default when the mouse is placed over the progress bar. If you do not need to display the preview window, you can enter the settings and change accordingly. Please refer to the [Basic Settings](#Basic Settings) for details.

### Icon Description

| Icon                                                  | Name       | Icon                                                 | Name      |
| ----------------------------------------------------- | ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------- | --------- |
| <img src="icon/last_normal.svg" class="inline" />     | Previous   | <img src="icon/next_normal.svg" class="inline" />    | Next      |
| <img src="icon/play_normal.svg" class="inline" />     | Play       | <img src="icon/suspend_normal.svg" class="inline" /> | Pause     |
| <img src="icon/zoom in_normal.svg" class="inline" />  | Fullscreen | <img src="icon/volume_normal.svg" class="inline" />  | Volume    |
| <img src="icon/episodes_normal.svg" class="inline" /> | Playlist   | <img src="icon/menu.svg" class="inline" />           | Main Menu |
| <img src="icon/mix.svg" class="inline" />             | Minimize   | <img src="icon/max.svg" class="inline" />            | Maximize  |
| <img src="icon/close.svg" class="inline" />           | Close      |                                                      |           |



### Play Films

You can play films in the following ways:
- When there are no files in the playlist, click ![play](icon/play_normal.svg) and open the file selector to select a film file.
- On the Movie interface, right-click or click ![menu](icon/icon_menu.svg) to select **Open file** and open the file selector to select a film file.
- On the Movie interface, right-click or click ![menu](icon/icon_menu.svg) to select **Open folder**. All the audiovisual files in the folder are displayed in the playlist and played in turn. 
- On the Movie interface, right-click to select **Open URL** and paste the online address to play the film.
- On the Movie interface, right-click to select **Open CD/DVD** to play the films in CD/DVD.
- Drag the file/folder directly to the Movie interface to play local films.

> ![attention](icon/attention.svg)Attention: Please make sure your network is well connected before playing online videos with Movie.


![0|open](jpg/open.png)

### Forward/Rewind

1.  On the Movie interface, press ![Right](icon/Right.svg) on the keyboard to fast forward the film.
2.  On the Movie interface, press ![Left](icon/Left.svg) on the keyboard to fast rewind the film.

### Speed Up/Down

1.  On the Movie interface, press **Ctrl** + ![Right](icon/Right.svg) on the keyboard to speed up the film playback.
2.  Press **Ctrl** + ![Left](icon/Left.svg) on the keyboard to speed down the film playback.
3.  If you want to restore the original play speed, press **R** on the keyboard.

>![notes](icon/notes.svg)Notes: Speed up/down is relative to the original play speed. The video playback speed increases/decreases by 0.1 times in default mode each time it is sped up/down. Press and hold **Ctrl **+ ![Right](icon/Right.svg) or ![Left](icon/Left.svg) on the keyboard and the playback speed will increase or decrease. The maximum playback speed is 2 times faster than the original playback speed and the minimum playback speed is 10 times slower than the original playback speed.

## Functions

### Adjust Window

You can adjust the window size as you wish during playback.

 Right-click on the Movie interface:
- Select **Fullscreen** to play in fullscreen.
- Select **Mini Mode** to play in mini mode.
- Select **Always on Top** to put the window on the top layer.
- You can also drag the window edge to adjust the window size.

>![notes](icon/notes.svg)Notes: Double click the window to switch between **Fullscreen** and **Normal Window**.

![0|window](jpg/window.png)

### Adjust Play Mode

1.  Right-click on the Movie interface.
2.  Select **Play Mode** and you can:
 - Select **Order Play** and the  films in the playlist will be played orderly until the last one.
 - Select **Shuffle Play** and films in the playlist will be played randomly. Loop shuffle play mode will continue after playing all the files in the playlist.
 - Select **Single Play** and the player will stop after playing the current film.
 - Select **Single Loop** and the film will be played over and over again.
 - Select **List Loop** and the whole playlist will be played over and over again.

![0|play_mode](jpg/play_mode.png)

### Adjust Frame
1.  Right-click on the Movie interface.
2. Select **Frame** and you can:
 - Adjust the film aspect ratio between 4:3, 16:9, 16:10, 1.85:1 and 2.35:1.
 - Rotate the film frame clockwise or counterclockwise.
 - Jump to previous frame or next frame.

![0|frame](jpg/frame.png)

### Set Sound
1.  Right-click on the Movie interface.
2.  Select **Sound** and you can:
 - Select **Channel** and select the channel on which the film is played.
 - Select **Track** and select the play track for the film.

![0|sound](jpg/sound.png)

### Set Subtitle
1.  Right-click on the Movie interface.
2. Select **Subtitle** and you can:
 - Select **Load** to manually load subtitles.
 - Select **Online Search** to search subtitles online for the film and load the subtitles automatically after a successful match.
 - Check **Select** to switch between multiple subtitles for the film.
 - Select **Hide** to hide the current film subtitle.
 - Select **Encodings** to select an encoding for the film to solve the issue of garbled subtitles in some cases.

![0|subtitle](jpg/subtitle.png)

### Take Screenshots
1.  Right-click on the Movie interface.
2.  Select **Screenshot** and you can:
 - Select **Film Screenshot** to take a screenshot of the film in the current frame.
 - Select **Burst Shooting** to take 15 screenshots of the film at different times to form a preview image of the storyline.
 - Select **Open Screenshot Folder** to view the screenshots.

![0|screenshot](jpg/screenshot.png)

### View Film Info

1.  Right-click on the Movie interface.
2.  Select **Film Info** and you can view the film info, codec info and audio info of the film. 


## Playlist Management

You can enter the playlist to add or delete the video files.

### Add Films to the Playlist

You can add films to the playlist by the following ways:
- Right-click on the Movie interface and select **Open file/Open folder/Open URL/Open CD/DVD** or click ![menu](icon/icon_menu.svg)> **Open file/Open folder** to add films to the playlist.
- You can also drag files/folders directly to the playlist.

### Delete Film from the Playlist

1.  Click ![movie](icon/episodes_normal.svg ) on the Movie interface.
2. Hover mouse pointer over the video file and right-click to select **Delete from playlist**.

> ![tips](icon/tips.svg)Tips: On the playlist interface, hover mouse pointer over the video file and click ![关闭图标](icon/close.svg) to delete it.

![list](jpg/list-manag.png)


### Clear Playlist

1.  Click ![movie](icon/episodes_normal.svg ) on the Movie interface.
2.  Click the **Empty** icon under Playlist or right-click to select **Empty playlist**.

### Display in File Manager

1.   Click ![movie](icon/episodes_normal.svg ) on the Movie interface.
2.  Hover the mouse pointer over the video file and right-click to select **Display in file manager** to show the film file in file manager.

## Main Menu

On the main menu, you can open files/folders, switch window themes, view help manual and get more information about Movie.
### Settings

You can set the basic information, shortcut keys and subtitles.

#### Basic Settings

1.  Right-click or click ![界面按钮图标](icon/icon_menu.svg) on the Movie interface.
2.  Click **Settings** > **Basic**.
3.  In the option **Play**, you can:
  - Check the **Clear playlist when exit** box to clear the playlist when you exit Movie.
  - Check the **Remember playback position** box to resume the film automatically from the last position played when Movie runs.
  - Check the **Auto add similar files to play **box to add the similar film files in the same folder to the playlist for playback in order.
  - Check the **Show video preview on mouseover** box to show the film preview when you move the mouse over progress bar.
  - Check the **Show thumbnails in progress bar**, a preview window will be displayed when you move the mouse over progress bar.
  - Check the **Pause when minimized** to pause the playback automatically when minimizing the Movie window.
4.  Under the **Screenshot** option, you can select the path to save screenshots as you wish.

#### Shortcuts Settings

1.  Right-click or click ![界面按钮图标](icon/icon_menu.svg) on the Movie interface.
2.  Select **Settings** > **Shortcuts**.
3.  You can select and input new shortcuts.

#### Subtitle Settings

1.   Right-click or click ![界面按钮图标](icon/icon_menu.svg) on the Movie interface.
2.  Select **Settings** > **Subtitle**.
3.  You can set the font and font size for subtitles.
>  ![attention](icon/attention.svg)Attention: Click **Restore Defaults** on the interface to restore all settings.

### Theme

The window theme provides three theme types, namely Light Theme, Dark Theme and System Theme (default).

1.  On the Movie interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg).
2.  Click **Theme** to select one theme.

### Help

1.   On the Movie interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg) .
2.  Select **Help** to view the manual of Help.

### About

1.  On the Movie interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg).
2.  Select **About** to view the version and introduction of Movie.

### Exit

1.   On the Movie interface, click ![icon_menu](icon/icon_menu.svg).
2.  Click **Exit** to exit Movie.


<div class="version-info"><span>Update Date: 2020-09-07</span><span> Version: 5.7</span></div>
